docs/environment_options.md, before:

Environment options
========
Minty provides a handful of options to customize the syntax and some of its features.

Syntactic options
--------
These options affect the templates Minty is able to work with.

 * `block_end_prefix`
   This option tells Minty what the block ending tags look like. For example when this option has the value 'end',
   `if` blocks will only be ended by `endif` tags.
   **Default value:** `/`
 * `delimiters`
   This is a two-dimensional array that holds the opening and closing delimiters for tags and comment blocks.
   **Default value:**
    - tag: `{`, `}`
    - comment: `{#`, `#}`
 * `fallback tag`
   This option specifies which tag should be used when the tagname is not given. By default this option has the
   `print` value so basically every expression will be printed.

Other options
--------

 * `autofilter`
   Sets the automatic filtering mode. Values:
     - `0`, `false`: don't filter output automatically.
     - `1`: filter output based on file extension
 * `default_autofilter_strategy`
   This options affects how values are filtered. When filtering is set to automatic mode this option
   works as if files without extension had the extension set by this option. For more information, see
   [filtering](filtering.md).
 * `strict_mode`
   Tells whether non-existing variables should print their names or throw errors.

Commit message:

Compile line of tag when debug is enabled. Also add missing line info.

docs/environment_options.md, after:

Environment options
========
Minty provides a handful of options to customize the syntax and some of its features.

Syntactic options
--------
These options affect the templates Minty is able to work with.

 * `block_end_prefix`
   This option tells Minty what the block ending tags look like. For example when this option has the value 'end',
   `if` blocks will only be ended by `endif` tags.
   **Default value:** `/`
 * `delimiters`
   This is a two-dimensional array that holds the opening and closing delimiters for tags and comment blocks.
   **Default value:**
    - tag: `{`, `}`
    - comment: `{#`, `#}`
 * `fallback tag`
   This option specifies which tag should be used when the tagname is not given. By default this option has the
   `print` value so basically every expression will be printed.

Other options
--------

 * `autofilter`
   Sets the automatic filtering mode. Values:
     - `0`, `false`: don't filter output automatically.
     - `1`: filter output based on file extension
 * `debug`
   When set to `true`, extra information is compiled in form of comments into the template.
 * `default_autofilter_strategy`
   This options affects how values are filtered. When filtering is set to automatic mode this option
   works as if files without extension had the extension set by this option. For more information, see
   [filtering](filtering.md).
 * `strict_mode`
   When true, variables that are not set will use their names as value.
