docs/for_designers.md, before:

Minty for template designers
========
This document describes the basics of the templating language provided by the Minty library.

Outline
--------
Templates are simple text files that have the `.tpl` extension. Template files are used to generate textual output
such as HTML, XML, LaTeX, etc.

A template consists of **expressions** which get replaced with their values and **tags** that are responsible for
 basic functions and control the logic of the template.

These building blocks are delimited by `{ ... }`.

Comments
--------
A template may contain comments, notes that will only be present in the source file and not in the output.
Comments are delimited by `{# ... #}`.

Variables
--------
Variables are prefixed with a dollar (`$`) sign that is followed by the name of the variable.

### Setting variables ###

Setting a variable can be done using the assignment tag.
This contains the variable followed by a colon (`:`) followed by the value expression.

Example: `{$foo: 'bar'}`

Literal data
--------
Literals are the simplest expressions. They represent data types like strings, numbers and arrays.
The simplest literal is `null` which represent no value.

### Strings ###

Strings are delimited by double (`"`) or single (`'`) quotes.
Alternatively for single words can be prefixed by a colon (`:`) and they will be terminated at the next whitespace.
Example strings: `"this is a string"`, `'this is a string'`, `:also_a_string`

Strings delimited by quotes may contain the delimiter if it is preceded by a backslash (`\\`).

### Numbers ###

Integers and floating point numbers (a number with a fraction) can be used by just writing them down.
A number is considered a floating point number when it contains a dot (`.`) otherwise it is an integer.

### Boolean (truth) values ###

`true` and `false` represent simple truth values. They are mostly used in conditions.

### Arrays ###

An array element has an index (a key) and a value. An array is a set (or list) of these elements. An array begins with
an opening bracket (`[`) and ends with a closing bracket (`]`). Array elements are separated with commas (`,`).
Keys and values may be separated by either a colon (`:`) or a double arrow (`=>`) sign.

Example: `['foo': 'bar', :baz => 'foobar']`

Here, `foo` and `baz` are keys, `bar` and `foobar` are values.
The keys are optional. When not specified, keys begin with 0 and each element has a key that is one
greater than the previous.

Example: `[:foo, :bar, :baz]` - here `foo` has index 0, `baz` has index 2.

Arrays can be nested - `[ :foo => [1, 2], :bar => [3, 4] ]`

#### Accessing array elements ####

Once can access an array element using either the dot (`.`) sign or the 'subscript' syntax (`[]`).

Example: `$foo['bar'].baz`

Functions
--------
A function is a word followed by a a list of arguments in parentheses. These functions return a result
based on what arguments are passed to them. There are a number of different functions available that
can for example be used to make a string upper case, return the first element of an array, etc.

Examples: `upper('string')`, `min(3, 5)`

### Alternative function syntax ###
There is an alternative way to call functions which may suit some use cases better than the classical way.
In this case the first argument is followed by a pipe sign (`|`) which is followed by the name of the function
and the remaining arguments in parentheses, if any.

Examples: `:first_argument|upper`, `'link_title'|link_to($url, $attributes)`

Commit message:

Fixes and tweaks. Array definitions now accept bare words as keys

docs/for_designers.md, after:

Minty for template designers
========
This document describes the basics of the templating language provided by the Minty library.

Outline
--------
Templates are simple text files that have the `.tpl` extension. Template files are used to generate textual output
such as HTML, XML, LaTeX, etc.

A template consists of **expressions** which get replaced with their values and **tags** that are responsible for
 basic functions and control the logic of the template.

These building blocks (tags) are delimited by `{ ... }`.

Tags
--------
A tag is an expression in braces. Tags usually start with the name of the tag that is followed by a
tag-specific sequence of keywords and parameters. These tags get replaced by something that is determined by
the tag itself, for example an `include` tag will be replaced by whatever
the included template displays.

Blocks
--------
Blocks are special tags: they have an ending tag that closes the block. Blocks operate on the template that is
enclosed by them. For example, an `if` block displays the enclosed template only when the condition is true.

Comments
--------
A template may contain comments, notes that will only be present in the source file and not in the output.
Comments are delimited by `{# ... #}`.

Variables
--------
Variables are prefixed with a dollar (`$`) sign that is followed by the name of the variable.

### Setting variables ###

Setting a variable can be done using the assignment syntax. This syntax is a syntactic sugar for the `set` tag.
This contains the variable followed by a colon (`:`) followed by the value expression.

Example: `{$foo: 'bar'}`

Literal data
--------
Literals are the simplest expressions. They represent data types like strings, numbers and arrays.
The simplest literal is `null` which represent no value.

### Strings ###

Strings are delimited by double (`"`) or single (`'`) quotes.
Alternatively for single words can be prefixed by a colon (`:`) and they will be terminated at the next whitespace.
Example strings: `"this is a string"`, `'this is a string'`, `:also_a_string`

Strings delimited by quotes may contain the delimiter if it is preceded by a backslash (`\\`).

### Numbers ###

Integers and floating point numbers (a number with a fraction) can be used by just writing them down.
A number is considered a floating point number when it contains a dot (`.`) otherwise it is an integer.

### Boolean (truth) values ###

`true` and `false` represent simple truth values. They are mostly used in conditions.

### Arrays ###

An array element has an index (a key) and a value. An array is a set (or list) of these elements. An array begins with
an opening bracket (`[`) and ends with a closing bracket (`]`). Array elements are separated with commas (`,`).
Keys and values may be separated by either a colon (`:`) or a double arrow (`=>`) sign.

Example: `['foo': 'bar', :baz => 'foobar']`

Here, `foo` and `baz` are keys, `bar` and `foobar` are values.
The keys are optional. When not specified, keys begin with 0 and each element has a key that is one
greater than the previous.

Example: `[:foo, :bar, :baz]` - here `foo` has index 0, `baz` has index 2.

Any valid expression that evaluates to a string or integer may be used as array key. Also, bare words
are accepted and treated like strings to provide a cleaner syntax. Note that this only applies to array keys.

    [key: 'value', other: 'other value']

Arrays can be nested - `[ :foo => [1, 2], :bar => [3, 4] ]`

#### Accessing array elements ####

Once can access an array element using either the dot (`.`) sign or the 'subscript' syntax (`[]`).

Example: `$foo['bar'].baz`

Functions
--------
A function is a word followed by a a list of arguments in parentheses. These functions return a result
based on what arguments are passed to them. There are a number of different functions available that
can for example be used to make a string upper case, return the first element of an array, etc.

Examples: `upper('string')`, `min(3, 5)`

### Alternative function syntax ###
There is an alternative way to call functions which may suit some use cases better than the classical way.
In this case the first argument is followed by a pipe sign (`|`) which is followed by the name of the function
and the remaining arguments in parentheses, if any.

Examples: `:first_argument|upper`, `'link_title'|link_to($url, $attributes)`
